feat: improve docs for newcomers (#1005)
nodejs/api-docs-tooling: packages/react/README.md

| ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `html`     | The full documentation site — server-rendered pages hydrated with Preact, bundled with Vite. |
| `orama-db` | An [Orama](https://orama.com) search index, consumed by the `html` site's search box.        |
| `llms-txt` | An [`llms.txt`](https://llmstxt.org/) index for Large Language Models.                       |
| `sitemap`  | A `sitemap.xml` for search engines.                                                          |

The package also provides `jsx-ast`, the intermediate stage that turns parsed
API metadata into JSX; it runs automatically when `html` needs it and is not a
target you invoke yourself.

## Usage

```sh
npx doc-kit generate -t html -t orama-db -i "docs/**/*.md" -o out
```

The `html` generator is deeply customizable — project name, page titles,
`<head>` markup, sidebar and navigation bar, theme components, and even the
bundler are all configuration. See the [`html` generator
reference](https://doc-kit-docs.vercel.app/generators/html) and the

> [doc-kit documentation](https://doc-kit-docs.vercel.app/) for the full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reference](https://doc-kit.nodejs.org/generators/html) and the
[doc-kit documentation](https://doc-kit.nodejs.org) for the full
```
